In this way, there is no way for a woman to pursue acting since childhood.
But I acted like I was the only one in my heart,
But the one who sent you,
You've already slept with Yan Cheng.
What did you say? Are you sure?
It was said by someone personally, just before he returned to China.
And I know, please book me a return flight ticket,
It won't be available right now.
Doctor, how is he?
This wound is too deep and must be summarized,
Please come in and out.
This woman still understands a little bit
I've been calling you for so long
Why did you pick it up? Father?
I was in the hospital so I didn't pay attention.
What’s wrong with you
What happened? I'm fine. This is my father's city.
To protect me
injured palm
I'm sealing the needle. Father, I'm sorry.
It's my fault that he was hurt so badly
you are a child
he is your husband
He can't even protect his wife well
What kind of man is that?
Grandpa, I won’t disturb you anymore. It’s quite a joke.
It’s a long bus
It will be painful to get used to it
You really didn’t let grandpa, right?